Installation: https://blog.logrocket.com/linting-typescript-eslint-prettier



GitHub Link: https://github.com/Apollo-Level2-Web-Dev/Level2-Batch-3-PH-university-server/tree/mastering-mongoose





In This Module, You Will Gain An Overview Of The Mongoose Library And Its Role In Working With MongoDB Databases. You Will Learn How To Install And S


Hey Abu Shama, If You Complete Your Module On Time You May Get The Exciting Reward From Us

Remember, if you don't finish the rewarded content within 48 hours, it will disappear.
Running Module : 3

0/11

Search Lesson





































3-1 Introduction to mongoose
 4 min


3-2 Installing express , mongoose, typescript, dotenv ,cors
 15 min


3-3 Installing eslint, refactor code, fix errors using command
 15 min


3-4 Install prettier,ts-node-dev,fix formatting issues
 17 min


3-5 Software design pattern , mvc vs modular, create an interface
 14 min


3-6 Create an schema for a student
 14 min


3-7 Refactor your schema
 10 min


3-8 Create route , service and controller
 14 min


3-9 Insert a student data into mongoDB
 11 min


3-10 Create get student route
 13 min

Office Address

Level-4, 34, Awal Centre, Banani, Dhaka
Support: web@programming-hero.com
Helpline: 01322-810882
(Available : Sat - Thu, 10:00 AM to 7:00 PM)
Useful Links

Blog
Success
About us
Refund policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
&

App Privacy Policy
Follow Us

Download Apps

google
apple
microsoft
© Programming Hero 2024


#Module_8_Published



Installation: https://blog.logrocket.com/linting-typescript-eslint-prettier



GitHub Link: https://github.com/Apollo-Level2-Web-Dev/Level2-Batch-3-PH-university-server/tree/mastering-mongoose





In This Module, You Will Gain An Overview Of The Mongoose Library And Its Role In Working With MongoDB Databases. You Will Learn How To Install And Set Up Express, Mongoose, TypeScript, Dotenv, And CORS For Your Project. By Installing Prettier-Ts-Node-Dev, You'll Be Able To Automatically Fix Any Formatting Issues In Your Code, While Installing ESLint Will Help You Identify And Address Errors In Your Codebase. 





The Module Will Also Cover Software Design Patterns, Specifically Comparing The MVC (Model-View-Controller) Pattern With The Modular Pattern, Enabling You To Choose The Most Suitable Approach For Organizing And Structuring Your Application. Additionally, You Will Explore Creating Interfaces To Define Object Structures And Behaviors In Your Code.





To Apply The Concepts Learned, You Will Create A Schema For A Student, Defining The Necessary Properties And Relationships. Following That, You Will Learn How To Create Routes, Services, And Controllers To Handle Student-Related Requests. Finally, You Will Be Encouraged To Refactor Your Existing Schema, Leveraging The Knowledge Gained Throughout The Module, To Enhance Its Design And Implementation.